Create rule S6941: Names should not be too long (#3739)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6941/jcl/rule.adoc

Statement name size should be within defined bounds.

== Why is this an issue?

If a statement name exceeds the maximum size, it will trigger an error and prevent the program from being executed.

== How to fix it

The maximum size of the name/label of statements cannot exceed 8 characters.

> Few statements allows to be prefixed by another 8 characters separated by a dot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following statements allow to be prefixed by another 8 characters separated by a dot:
```
